{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa120\fs28 \b SAGAR THAPA \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Paskiot, Budhanilkantha\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 +977-9804458369\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Sagarthapamagar977@gmail.com\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sagar-og-magar-656756210/\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Portfolio: https://sagarmagar977.github.io/MyPortfolio-/\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 GitHub: https://github.com/sagarmagar977\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b About Me \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Full Stack Software Developer with hands-on experience building end-to-end web applications using Python, Django, Django REST Framework, React, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and PostgreSQL/SQLite. Currently pursuing a Master of Computer Applications (MCA) and focused on developing scalable backend systems, modern frontend interfaces, secure authentication flows, and API-driven products. Built full-stack academic and personal projects with particular strength in backend architecture, REST APIs, role-based systems, and product-oriented problem solving.\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Experience \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b 2021-2023 - Math and Science Teacher (Class 8 - Class 10) \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Arunodaya Secondary School, Bhimad-2, Tanahun\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Delivered mathematics and science instruction to secondary-level students.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Strengthened communication, mentoring, and structured problem-solving skills now applied in software development.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b 2021-2022 - Math and English Instructor (Part Time) \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Ex-Army Fitness Training Center, Bhimad-6\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Taught mathematics and English in a part-time instructional role.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Built discipline in lesson planning, learner support, and clear communication.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b 2015-2017 - Math and Science Teacher (Class 6 - Class 8) \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Shree Bal Shaikshanik Secondary School, Bhimad-3, Tanahun\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Education \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b Running - PUEB \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Master of Computer Applications (MCA)\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Kantipur City College\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b October 2023 - PUEB \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications (PGDCA) - CGPA 2.8\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Kantipur City College\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b April 2021 - SPUEB \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) - 68.7%\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Sardar Patel University\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b December 2014 - HSEB \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 +2 Science - 63.4%\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Sagarmatha Higher Secondary School\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b June 2012 - NEB \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 SLC - 78.38%\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Amar Bhupu Secondary School\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Training/Certificates \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b December 2023 - Python and Django (3 Months) \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Mindrisers Institute of Technology, Putalisadak\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Projects \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b 1. BeatKosh - Full Stack Music Marketplace and Freelance Collaboration Platform \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Overview: Designed and developed a full-stack platform for the Nepali music ecosystem that combines a multi-vendor beat marketplace with a freelance collaboration workflow for artists and producers. The product was planned and implemented as a backend-first system with a modern Next.js frontend, allowing users to browse and purchase beats, manage producer profiles, handle payments and wallet flows, and hire producers for milestone-based music projects.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Tech Used: Python, Django, Django REST Framework, React, Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, PostgreSQL/SQLite, JWT, OpenAPI\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Project Link: https://github.com/sagarmagar977/beatkosh\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \b Key Highlights: \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Built backend modules for accounts, beats, catalog, orders, payments, projects, messaging, reviews, verification, analytics, and wallet workflows.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Implemented role-aware user flows for artist and producer modes, including profile handling and permission-based access patterns.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Developed marketplace APIs for beat listing, beat detail, trending content, bundles, beat tapes, and media upload workflows.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Created collaboration features for project requests, proposals, milestones, deliverables, conversations, and messaging between artists and producers.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Added payment and order flows with wallet credit handling, webhook-ready payment architecture, and download access rules.\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Built a Next.js frontend that connects to backend APIs for authentication, marketplace browsing, orders, projects, verification, and dashboard pages.\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Skills \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Languages: Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, C, C++\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Backend: Django, Django REST Framework, JWT authentication, REST APIs, OpenAPI/Swagger\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Frontend: React, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, responsive UI development\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Database: PostgreSQL, SQLite, MySQL\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 \li360 - Tools: Git, GitHub, Postman, VS Code, npm, PowerShell\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Languages \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 English, Nepali, Hindi\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b References \b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs20 Suru Basnet - Instructor, Mindrisers Institute of Technology (available upon request)\par
}